🧑‍💻 🔨 🔧 👷 Mise, Kind, and Tilt (#955)
didx-xyz/aries-cloudapi-python: docs/Quick Start Guide.md

# Quick Start Guide

This guide provides a simple walkthrough for starting, managing, and stopping a
Docker-based project. Please ensure you have the necessary system requirements
and a basic understanding of Docker and Docker Compose.

> 1. Ensure you have Docker, Docker Compose, Bash, and Mise installed on your
> machine. The project will require about 5GB of free disk space, 4GB of RAM, and
> an average CPU like an Intel i5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Ensure you have Docker, Docker Compose, Bash, and Mise installed on your
machine. The project will require about 25GB of free disk space, 16GB of RAM, and
an average CPU like an modern Intel i5 (min 4 cores).
```
